well it is the second day of worlds
groups with covers presented by mobile
excite right now by Jensen from cloud 9
alright so first off let's talk about
yesterday the one-year anniversary of
the clapping and kind of repeated selfie
and with a tube and I've made that I saw
and then somehow faker ends up killing
somebody you know when you you have to
go up against SKT again what does that
experience like do you remember the past
experiences or you know like what was it
like having to face off against them I
definitely remembered it past experience
but I try to not think about it too much
I didn't really see that's too big of a
deal like going up against SKT and faker
again I mean they're probably like the
best team if not the second best team at
Worlds so it's definitely I knew it was
going to be tough
I actually thought we had a pretty okay
shot at beating them I think the game
was going well early until we over
committed for that that dive into mid
lane I think I think it was right to go
for the gank I just think we over
committed and as kind of why it went bad
but yeah I mean it just it's really when
you play against these Korean teams like
if you just make one mistake it just
feels like the game is over it just
snowballs so hard so so it feels like
for us to beat sqt we kind of have to
play like more less flawlessly I'll just
avoid making big mistakes but obviously
we had some pretty big mistakes and and
we lost the game yeah how did planes
affect your ability to compete in groups
like was this actually helpful for you
or do you wish you had the time and
create a bootcamp like you know what
what was planes effect on you I would
say I definitely affected all level of
play because since we went to China we
were not able to scream scream teams
that are in Korea and I actually think
that heard us a lot because we were
stuck screaming well cut teams and
fnatic basically and when all the wolves
team did come over here we had a pretty
hard time playing against them because
their meta was very different from what
we're used to just a whole play styles
like level ones just everything was it
just felt like we had to like basically
relearn what they were doing
so I think it was definitely a
disadvantage although playing on stage
you know it's always good experience but
I think if we stayed in Korea we would
have came more prepared for the group
stages and would have probably learned
more I I'm interested because today we
had an eggo three oh so that's great
news for North American fans the first
two games were freakin ridiculous you
know like we all sorts of stuff your HQ
game while it certainly had its moments
felt like a little bit more confident is
that more on you know like you guys just
have a bigger skill gap against them is
it just a cloud9 style of play I mean
why do you think it is that we saw such
a wildly different game it's I think it
just has to do with the level of the
teams like oh I think HQ can definitely
be a top team if they played a style
they used to I was a little confused I
didn't actually expect we start to play
Casio and I don't think he knew how to
play play too well in Lane either like
he was not really playing playing in
Lane like if I like I was playing as
minions basically like there was there's
no fighting and I don't know it just
felt pretty weird like I felt like I was
just able to do whatever I wanted to
that game without really being pressured
so I think if HQ like plays a different
place with West Oh which they usually do
I think it'll be a lot tougher but I do
think HQ is probably not as strong as
the other teams that na played against
today but at the same time they beat EDG
who is number one seed in China so I
thought to say yeah how do you feel
about the worlds matter because
basically everyone I've talked to seems
to have some variation of polite oh I
wish it was different to like I hate
this hearted censor thing so for you
guys how do you feel about it it's it's
kind of I kind of feel the same way like
not too big a fan of uncensor also I
don't know I feel like generally people
will kind of like complain a little
about the world's patches it's has
historically always happened I think and
I was the same way last year I remember
I was like oh I wish they didn't know if
this champion and that champion right
before and you know this time around I
was like oh I wish they didn't if like
Cassio and or
right before the in a playoff match for
example so honestly I think it's just
about if you're able to adapt and you'll
be fine with it but at the same time
it's a little boring that the support
role is just about ardent sensory
because it's not really play making and
people want to see play making so at the
same time I think I think it makes sense
to complain a little bit about it
Jensen I think a lot of Western fans are
feeling a little nervous as we always do
at Worlds certainly today's three na
games 3 na Victory's probably helped
everybody feel good but if you had to
make kind of like a bold prediction or a
statement or something that would help
you feel a little bit better or make the
Western fans feel a little bit better
what would you say we are gonna beat s
QT next week ok there we go there we go
I promise that wasn't fishing for a
headline but certain certainly that's
probably gonna be the headline anyway
thank you so much to us than anything
you want to say to the fans um thanks
for supporting us and I hope we can do
well just like we did today we're good
well thank you so much for the interview
for everyone also you can check out the
rest of our coverage of all things
worlds right here on my youtube channel
hey if you want to get as good as the
pro that I just interviewed please
please check out mobile excel GG /
Travis they are all about helping you
identify your personal strengths and
weaknesses so that you can level up your
game and be sure to check out their
giveaway by the way they're running at
throughout worlds you can win some cool
stuff all that in the youtube
description below